1. A variable holds a value of a certain type.
2. A variable declaration is setting the variable's type before the identifier <value type> <identifier>.
3. A variable assignment is setting the variable equal to a certain value through the use of the '=' sign.
4. Yes, you can decalre and assign a variable on the same line.
5. A method cannot return more than one value.
6. The return type 'void' must be declared for methods that do not return a value.
7. Code blocks are surrounded by curly braces {} in Java.
8. A method signature is a the method name and the list of parameters the method takes.
9. The method parameter is a variable that is passed into the method body and used to execute the code.
10. The method can have as many parameters as it want (limit is 255? apparently).
11. No, the method does not need to have parameters of the same type. They have be different types.
12. The import keyword imports a class that's not in the default Java library?????? (not sure..)
13. The naming convention for Java classes is capitalize the first letter of each word with no spaces. It should not start with a number. (not sure what this question is asking)
14. The naming convention for Java variable is camelCase and no spaces. It should not start with a number. (not sure what this question is asking)
15. The naming convention for Java methods is camelCase and no spaces followed by a set of parenthesis containing parameters, if any. It should not start with a number.(not sure what this question is asking)
16. The method body is the code block that follows the method definition.
17. An array is a set containing a certain number of elements that contain value of a single data type.
18. It is better to use a for loop when you know when to stop the loop (you know the upper/lower limit). It is better to use the while loop when you do not know when to exactly terminate it.
19. A do-while loop guarantees that the code within the code block is executed AT LEAST once, regardless of the condition. A while loop executes only if the condition is true.
20. The switch statement is used when you have an expression and have multiple cases for when the expression is equal to a certain value. If none of the cases match the expression, then there is a default case.
21. Scope can be categorized as local or global. If something is global, it is essentially always there from the beginning. If something is local (let's say a method call returns a variable), that variable that is return is local and will disappear after the method call. It will not disappear if we initialize a global variable to assign/"catch" that method call (I copied this from the 5 Questions Warmup).